Thank you, thank you. Again, we continue to follow the teaching of the great master,
the historian of the Union, and as well as also the important hero in their life, in their
blessings,
as well as the lineage of the masters of Vadada Mahasananda, following in their footsteps according
to our best confidence.
Again, this is one of the very beautiful moments in special time for us. And for all of us,
we should always bring up yoga with your worship. At the same time, always in the teaching,
and as well as the public and people in the terrible music, we bring up the beautiful two
motivations,
an accurate and truthful motivation. As I said the other day, also come home.
This is the same thing, come home. It is something that we should raise up, raise up, not let hell
down,
in a ditch of hell, how to sleep, stay, wake up our soul, wake up to stays,
wake up our mind, in the vastness, motivation of the bodhicama.
Today we are gathering here, and we are practicing bhana. It is not just for our only purposes.
We are doing this for all the same things. Open our heart, open our mind,
and we do the practice, as the great master says. And we really wish that sincerely from our heart.
That is known as the motivation of the vastness of the bodhicata. Bodhicata, thinking of everyday
needs.
And together with that, since we are followers of the Vedayana practitioners,
we add the second motivation, as K.T. Bannithiramudu always says,
the Vedayana motivation, bring up the realization of the beauty and understanding of everything.
That is important. When we practice the Vedayana thinking,
when we are practicing on the doki practices,
we should not hang out in the kind of rest in the garbages of the pious of the habit patterns,
and stay within there and practice doki. It won't become doki practicing.
We have to have a wake up. A wake up is about the time for us to know.
We have been living a long time sleeping in the garbage mountain of the habit patterns for a long
time.
A long time we will be sleeping. It is a time to wake up ourselves.
Wake up the bright sunshine of the reality of the true nature of Vedas.
This is what God said in the Vedayana teaching, three Vedya states.
Vedya on the phone, Vedya on the speech, and Vedya on the borders.
I will expand a little bit there, and then always the Vedayana teaching says the five perfects.
Perfect. Perfectly teaching, perfect direction or assembly,
perfect teaching, perfect process, perfect time.
That is true. It is not something talking with the kind of stories or making of things.
The reality level, that is what it is. And we want to practice doki.
And we really engage in doki. Doki is not a conceptual state.
Doki is not a habit pattern. Doki is not an immortal state.
Doki is not a skeptical state. Doki is a clarity.
Believe the sun, the sun, the free from all the habit patterns.
Free from all the habit patterns and conceptions.
That transcendence and everything, the all inner nature as it is.
Within that state, embracing that nature with the current imitment, confidence and bodhicata,
then truly we are great practitioners of doki.
Truly brave practitioners of Vedayana.
And truly Vedaya and as well as Mahayana practitioners.
Truly there. As it is.
We are making ourselves small and itsy-bitty and staying in dark corners and hiding this.
That is duality. This is not a brave practice of Vedayana.
That's a very timid practice. Kind of hiding in the corner in duality,
cover up with duality in hiding and making of things, things in the blood.
As we've been doing that since beginner times, as Buddha said,
we've been doing that. We've been sporting to the ego claim for the beginner times,
again and again, making things up, prying out all these things, one after another.
And then we become thicker, heavier, heavier, heavier.
And then habit pattern is so heavy and dense, and become almost ice.
And we struck ourselves in cocoon as cocooned.
That's what happened. Therefore it is wake up ourselves in this two motivation status.
That's how we began the practice.
If we started with that motivation, if we maintained that motivation,
if we concluded our practice in everything with that motivation,
surely we are the Vedayana practitioners.
Really our practice is going so good, so perfect, so perfectly.
Something so beautiful, special for ourself, something beautiful, special for all the living beings
.
Truly we're following the footsteps of the Buddha, Shakyamuni,
Gharapayam Maasambhava, and all the great masters,
such as Ayr Vidyadhara, the Newman schools,
Gharabdhoji, Yaparachini, Hilyasana, as well as Jnanasukara,
I mean all those who can think Gharapra, and Jnanasanti, Rambam, so forth.
All those great masters, Rilifar, and the 25 disciples who are Gharapayam Maasambhava,
and as well as all those masters of the Kama and the Tenma Lineages.
So that is what, and this is again, we're doing, I'm doing this reminding to you,
we all, I'm reminding to myself, I'm reminding to yourself.
This is our responsibilities.
As always in the teachings, Sangha means the spiritual community,
helping to support each other, and moving along the path of the, then, the teaching,
and aspiring, supporting that.
So in that context, I'm a being, since I have kind of stand right in front of you,
as a player, all of them are kind of reminded to you,
so I'm just completely reminded that to you all, and as well as myself.
With that context, then we follow all these little teachings.